[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Conscious Life Expo 2020
welcomes Mr. Scott Wolter.
>> Thank you, Jimmy.
Thank you so much.
All right.
Well, now that we've get that
out of the way, thank you,
Jimmy.
I really appreciate it.
And I want to thank all
of you for coming today.
This is a-- this is a thrill.
I've never been to
this conference before,
but I'm having a blast,
except it's wearing me out.
There's just so much going on.
OK.
Well, today what
I'd like to do--
and I want to keep
this an open exchange.
If you have a burning
question about something,
just raise your hand.
We'll take care of it then, OK?
But I'm going to start
off today with a question.
And I want everybody
to be honest, OK?
Raise your hand if
you know the origin
of the five-pointed star.
Raise your hand.
Besides you.
Do you know the origin of this
symbol, which is basically
the symbol of our nation?
All of us pledge
allegiance to 50 of them
that are on our flag, right?
Do you know what you're
pledging allegiance to?
Yes.
But the origins you're
not clear on, OK?
I have to be honest
with you and tell you
that I find that incredible,
for that very reason that it
is the symbol of our nation.
And that symbol appears on
the flag of many nations
around the world.
So what is that origin?
Well, that origin has to
do with the third brightest
heavenly body in the sky.
And you know what
that is, right?
The sun, moon, and Venus.
And right now, Venus
is so beautiful.
She's in the Western
sky right now.
Right as the sun sets, she's
high in the sky, about--
I don't know-- 30 degrees.
And then she'll slowly set.
Do you notice how
I'm saying she?
Do you know why I'm saying that?
You're going to.
So-- and this is something
that's been going on
for millennia, OK?
Cultures around
the world have been
tracking the movement
of this important, very
accurate heavenly body.
So as we view its movements
from Earth astronomically
over eight earth years, it will
make the five-pointed star.
How many people remember the
spirograph when we were kids?
OK.
You know how you spin
it around and make
those beautiful shapes?
That's basically
what happens, but it
makes that five-pointed star.
OK, big deal.
That's cool, right?
Why is that important?
The reason that's
important is because, if we
take this symbol inside
of the five-pointed star,
that's a what?
A pentagram, pentagon.
This symbol is the pentragram.
But this is a pentagon.
And if we assign a value
of 1 to this distance
on any one of
these five lengths,
this distance relative
to that distance
is 1 to 1.618 something,
something, something.
That is something
called the golden ratio.
Does that make sense?
Why is that important?
It is the key to
life in the universe.
This ratio is the rate of
growth of a spiral on a shell.
It's the rate of
growth of plants.
It's the rate of growth
of a breaking wave.
I'm one ahead here.
OK.
It is also inside of all of us.
This ratio is
throughout our bodies.
It is also throughout
the universe.
You know when you're looking
at a satellite photo like this?
That spiral is in
our atmosphere.
It is also when you
brush your teeth
and you see the water
go down the drain.
It's also the shape of a galaxy.
So it is the key to
life in the universe.
I mean, it's amazing, right?
So what is creation and
life associated with?
You guys, the feminine, right?
Women are the life givers.
That is why we call her she,
because the Fibonacci sequence
is in the planet Venus.
And that's why.
So we have the goddess in
the heavens with Venus.
And then we have the
moon goddess, right?
And one more thing
I think I should
tell you is that when
you round the Fibonacci
sequence to whole value numbers,
basically the way it works
is like this.
1 plus 1 is 2, and then you
add the previous high number
to your sum, and then
you get the next number.
So 1 plus 1 is 2, 2 plus 1 is--
3 plus 2 is--
5 plus 3 is--
8 plus 5 is--
13, hm.
So here's a question for you.
If it takes eight Earth years
to make the five-pointed star,
tracking it from Earth
over eight years,
how many Venus years does it
take to do the same thing?
Now, remember, Earth
is here, Venus is here,
the sun is here, right?
So it's an inner orbit
relative to where Earth is.
So it's moving faster.
So the year is shorter.
So how many years do
you think it takes?
13, OK?
So 8 and 13 is the
Fibonacci sequence.
There it is in
the heavens again.
But anyway, the point is that
the number 13 is associated
with the feminine, right?
And for all those years when
we grew up, 13 was what?
Bad luck number.
Why is that?
Because of the suppression
of the feminine, OK?
When in reality,
it's a good thing.
And so things are changing.
And the elevation
of the feminine
is happening right
now, as it should,
as it must if we are
going to achieve balance.
I'm going to talk more
about that balance.
But anyway, isn't this
kind of cool stuff?
Here's the coolest thing ever.
So the most iconic symbol of
our nation is about the goddess,
right?
So what do you think
Jerry Jones would say
if he heard what I just said?
You going to change your
name to your football team
to the Dallas Goddesses?
Wouldn't that be awesome?
That's not going to happen.
Anyway, so I just thought
I'd throw that out there.
So the Kensington Rune Stone
is what started my journey.
And I've been on this
journey now for 20 years.
And just so you know, I'm
a geologist by education
and thankfully by profession.
And I run a materials forensic
laboratory in Minneapolis.
I basically do autopsies
on concrete and rock.
And I spend most
of my time working
on problems in the construction
field, which is really boring,
but it is important.
Probably the thing
that I'll be remembered
for more than anything is the
work we did at the Pentagon
after 9/11, evaluating all the
fire damage to structural beams
and columns.
And it was one of the
most amazing things
I've ever worked on.
But in any case, that was
nothing compared to the day
that I was contacted
and said, would you--
we'd like you to study
the Kensington Rune Stone.
And I said, what's that?
The Kensington Rune Stone
was found in Minnesota.
And people were like, you
don't know what that is?
I said, I don't know what it is.
I must've missed school
that day or something,
but I don't know what
you're talking about.
So anyway, they tried
to tell me the story.
And I could see right away
that the person representing
the museum where this
artifact is housed
was clearly an advocate
for authenticity.
And I gave him a speech.
I said, look, I'll be happy
to do this work for you,
but you need to understand,
when I get done,
I may come back and give you
news you're not going to like.
And you're still
going to pay me, OK?
It's a beautiful thing.
When I do my work--
I'm an independent--
I get paid either way.
Any lawyers in the room?
You guys know what
I'm talking about.
Anyway, that's how it started.
And I said, look, I'm
just going to do this.
If you're OK with
that, let's go.
And off we went.
Now, the Kensington Rune
Stone was found in Minnesota
in a sleepy little
town called Kensington.
And it is sleepy.
It basically has
a train station.
It's got a hardware store,
a grocery store, and a bar.
And I'm not kidding.
I mean, it's tiny.
Anyway, it's 15 miles
west of Alexandria,
about two hours
drive from my house.
And in the fall of 1898,
this guy right here standing
in the middle, Olof Ohman,
a Swedish immigrant,
was clearing trees in
preparation for farming.
He was homesteading
the property.
And working with two of--
at that spot right there,
working with his two oldest
sons-- this is a painting that
I had commissioned to illustrate
the moment of discovery.
And what he did is
he cut off the roots
around the base of the
tree, he took a winch,
he tipped the tree over.
This was real smart, because
it pulled the stump up with it,
right?
I would have cut the tree off
and spent the next three days
digging out the stump, but
these guys were pretty smart.
But as the tree fell,
the roots were still
wrapped around the stone.
And they pulled it
out of the ground.
And it was the
younger son, Edward,
who's pointing to the stone
that first noticed there
was something carved on it.
And it turns out it was
a long inscription carved
in Scandinavian runes.
Now, this is the
inscription right here.
I'm going to read it
to you, because there
is a discovery that
I made recently
that is pretty profound, at
least in my opinion, that
has to do with the inscription.
And I want you just
to hear it once, OK?
8 Gotlanders and 22
north men, 8 and 22 north
men on this acquisition
journey/taking up land.
Can that be any more obvious?
It's a land claim, right?
From Vinland far to the west.
We had a camp near two shelters,
one day's journey north
from the stone from this spot
right here where this rock is.
After we-- we were
fishing one day.
After we came home, found 10
men red from blood and death.
Then we have three
Latin letters,
which is pretty unusual for
a medieval Scandinavian rune
stone--
AVM.
AVM, what does that mean?
Well, depending on
your point of view,
it might mean a prayer for
the Virgin Mary, right?
To other people, it might
be a different Mary.
Anyway.
And then saved from evil, on
the split side of the stone,
on the side, it says there
are 10 men by the inland sea
to look after our ships 14 days'
journey from this island, year
1362.
Now, if you're a
historian, you know
that 1362 is 130 years
after Chris Columbus.
You know that guy
that didn't set foot
on the continent, that
already had millions of people
live in here?
That guy?
Anyway, so-- so I
wrote my report.
And I said, you know what?
I did a-- well, wait a sec.
This is the picture
I have to show you.
See what this stone did to me?
I used to have dark hair.
Yeah.
Anyway, so I did the analysis.
And what I did was I--
they wanted me to
try to figure out
the relative age
of the inscription.
And so what I did was I
went to the east coast
to find tombstones
that were old enough.
And I compared the weathering
of those tombstones--
I took a small chip
samples, with permission,
because one of my
professors got mad at me.
He says, you can't go
banging on tombstones.
I said, I had permission.
And you know what?
If I'm dead laying
there and there's
a guy coming here to try to
solve a question, take whatever
you want, right?
Anyway, so I did the
weathering, and I compared it.
I don't want to go
into too much detail,
because I want to
get to the fun stuff.
But basically, what
I concluded was that,
by taking samples from
the side of the stone
not in the inscription--
I didn't damage the inscription,
a very small chip sample.
And basically, I concluded
that the weathering
of the inscription was
older than 200 years,
based on comparing
the weathering
of the tombstones, right?
And that was from 1898, not
when I did the experiment,
because it hasn't been in a
weathering environments since.
So that pushes it back 200
years at least, past Olof Ohman.
And he was the
one that everybody
accused of carving it.
So guess what?
He couldn't have done it.
And logic says it's either
a late 19th century hoax,
or it's not, right?
That's all you've got.
Well, if it isn't a
hoax, it must be real.
And that's what I wrote in my
report, and I published it.
And that's when the
trouble started.
Oh my God, I'm not even kidding.
It was so bad-- the personal
insults, the attacks.
And you know what was--
and understand something, OK?
As a scientist, if
I write a paper,
I write a report, if I
made a mistake, tell me.
I need to know, and I will fix
it, because I'm not perfect.
Hell no.
But that's not
what it was about.
I didn't make a mistake.
They just didn't
like the answer.
Well, tough hop.
Life doesn't always
go your way, right?
And that's how I am
with all my findings.
I put people out of business
with the test results
based on a failure that might
have happened on a construction
project.
So anyway, you know, I'm
OK with taking criticism
if it's legitimate.
If it's not, then it's on.
And so I just made my
mind, up and I said, OK,
why aren't they accepting this?
I thought they'd be happy,
for crying out loud.
So then what I
did is I said, I'm
going to get to
the bottom of this.
So I went to Sweden five times.
And it turns out--
here's another thing.
If this is a genuine
artifact, which it is,
you know what that also
means that logic demands?
That somebody carved it, right?
They came from some
place for some reason.
And that's what
I've been working on
for the last 20 years.
And I think I have
it figured out.
So in any scientific
investigation,
it doesn't matter what
you're investigating.
Whether it's concrete, or
aliens, or rune stones,
it doesn't matter.
The process is the same.
Facts first, interpretations,
and then maybe you
might be able to draw
a conclusion, maybe.
But in this case, I
followed the facts.
And one of the things that
I absolutely wanted to learn
was about the runes--
the dialect, the
grammar, the dating,
everything that
was on that stone.
And I know enough to
be extremely dangerous.
I'm not a runologist.
I don't pretend to be something
I'm not, but I learned a lot.
And the funny part is it's
such an obscure science.
Honest to God, walking
on the planet today,
I'm probably one of
the top three or four
people that understand this
period of runes and dialect
and grammar and all of that.
But the bottom line is this.
The evidence took me to
Sweden, to this large island
in the middle of the Baltic
Sea, where there were
99 churches on this island.
I went to every one.
I'm anal retentive.
I'm a lab guy.
I just had to go to every one,
because the one I don't go to,
that's the one that had
the best stuff, right?
So anyway-- and
remember this, too.
The only person in the 14th
century that could possibly
have carved an inscription
of this complexity and length
had to be a member
of the clergy, right?
Why?
Because the common people
weren't educated by design.
The church is going to tell you
what the Bible says, and so on.
So I knew it had to be
a member of the clergy.
And we found all
the evidence here
on these grave slabs
at these churches.
And so who were the
clergy that were there?
They were these White Monks.
I didn't know
anything about monks.
Are you kidding?
I mean, the word monastery
probably never came out
of my mouth up until that time.
But now, I'm an expert on them.
The White Monks,
the Cistercians,
who were founded in
1098 by Robert Molesme.
They had one abbey
at Citeaux, France.
And then in 1113, this guy,
St. Bernard of Clairvaux,
joined the order with
30 family members.
That particular event was the
greatest coup d'etat in history
that nobody talks about, because
they basically took it over.
In fact, he joined the order
with two of his uncles.
One was a guy named
Hugh de Payens,
one of the original nine knights
that went to the Holy Land.
And that's where
our story takes off.
But St. Bernard de
Clairvaux, I could tell you
a lot of stories about him.
He had a fascination
with the Virgin Mary,
to the point where the pope was
like, dude, we like her, too,
but you might want to
dial back a little bit.
In fact, his miracle--
his miracle, if
you look at him--
and the most common
image of Bernard--
and there are thousands
of images of Bernard.
He was preaching one
day to the monks.
And there was a statue of
the Virgin Mary behind him.
And he turned around,
and her exposed
breasts started dripping
milk into his mouth.
No, that's his miracle.
Nobody knows about this.
This guy is amazing.
You know what?
You guys ever do this-- if
you're at a dinner party
some time with a
bunch of people,
you don't know what you
want to break the ice,
here's a fun game.
Just go around the
table and ask people,
if you could meet anybody
in history-- alive or dead--
who would it be?
And what would you ask them?
And they would have to answer.
And then you go
around the table,
and you will get
some amazing answers.
And you will learn something
about those people, even people
that you thought you
knew, that's really cool.
But anyway, you know
my guy would be?
Him, right there.
Anyway, he joined
the order, and he
founded Clairvaux, the second--
the first Daughter Abbey,
the second Abbey
of the Cistercians.
And by the time he died in 1153,
there were over 300 abbeys all
across Europe, going into
Scandinavia toward the Holy
Land.
Eventually, at the time with
the put-down of the Templars,
there were over 750, the most
successful monastic order
in history.
And it isn't even close.
Now, another thing a
lot of people don't know
is that St. Bernard, in
1128, wrote the charter
for the Knights Templar Order.
This is what I learned
when I did this research.
Now remember, I'm doing
investigation about stuff
I know nothing about.
I followed the evidence
trail, and it took me
to the Templars and nobody else.
And it was the
easiest evidence trail
I think I've ever followed.
It's like people go,
oh, the Templars,
isn't that convenient?
Oh, "Da Vinci Code," all that.
I go, shut up, I follow the
evidence, that's where it goes.
I hate that nonsense.
In any case, here's
a big secret I'm
about to reveal
about the Templars.
They understood all the
sacred geometry, astronomy,
the five-pointed star.
And they venerated the goddess.
That's what I figured out.
And when you know what to look
for, you will see it yourself.
And in fact, their
true ideology was
something called monotheistic
dualism, basically
venerating a deity, right?
A single deity that had
dualistic aspects, the concept
of opposites, dualism--
like male/female,
heaven and Earth,
good/bad, light/dark,
yin/yang, all that stuff.
You guys know all
this stuff, right?
They keep things in balance.
I mean, it's right here.
It's the 14th century parchment.
You've got the
Virgin Mary, right?
The goddess.
And she's protecting the nuns
and the monks equally, right?
There's your dualism right
there in the 14th century.
Don't believe me,
look at the evidence.
And so as I did this
investigation, everything
on Gotland we found-- the
language, runes, dialect,
grammar, all that
stuff was there.
There was one thing
that was missing,
that, the hooked X, which is
being used for the A sound,
or the letter A all
throughout the inscription.
It occurs-- get this--
22 times.
Is that a coincidence?
Psh, none of this is
coincidence, trust me.
But anyway, this is not the
symbol, the Scandinavian rune,
for that A sound.
And this is what
confounded the scholars.
They're like, what the
heck is this thing?
We don't know what this is.
Oh, we don't know.
It must be a fake.
That's the dumbest logic
I've ever heard in my life.
How about this?
How about admit that
you don't know, right?
I'm not afraid to do it.
But I'll admit I don't know, but
I'll damn well figure it out.
Anyway, so this
is what this was.
And as I was going through
this whole journey,
you've got to remember
I'm a lab guy.
I'm the guy that--
I've been using one side of
my brain, the analytical part.
And this whole spiritual side
it's just-- it wasn't there.
And I was forced to
open that side up.
And here's the symbolism.
This is just one
interpretation of this.
If you look at an X symbol
and you chop it in half
horizontally, OK,
the lower part--
the upper part is a V, right?
Symbolic of the feminine, right?
The vessel, the
chalice, the womb.
You flip it over, you have the
sword, the phallic, the penis,
the symbol for the male, right?
And when you combine them
into this symbol, into an X,
you have the allegorical
union of male/female, heaven
and Earth, good/bad,
like dualism, right?
So you all have that, right?
Well, let me ask you this--
what's the hook?
>> Baby Jesus.
>> Baby Jesus?
How about a child, right?
Think about it like this.
So maybe the V is a little girl
inside the womb of her mother.
And then you've got this.
So a lot of people--
or I asked people,
what's the Holy Trinity?
What is it?
Father, the Son, and
the Holy Spirit, right?
What's the Holy Spirit?
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> Well, you know this stuff.
You stop.
I'm kidding.
No, but what it is basically--
it's not well-defined, right?
Well, to me, it's pretty simple,
because, if you look at it,
you've got the father,
you've got the child.
Who's missing?
Mama.
Maybe that's the Holy Trinity.
Maybe that's what that
symbolizes, right?
Basically, what it
symbolizes is the essence
of their belief system.
It's a sacred symbol.
And the scholars
over in Scandinavia
are never going to
figure it out until they
open that side of their
brain that I was forced to,
because I wanted to know.
And now, I know.
So oh, did this just
start with the Templars?
No, it didn't,
because they were just
a blip on a long continuum
of bloodline families
that go all the way back
to Egypt and beyond.
And when you look
at this symbol--
this is Tutankhamun,
Akhenaten has the same thing.
The crook and the flail, right?
Here's your symbolic
of Osiris, Isis.
And the crook carries
the eggs of fertility.
There's your
trinity right there.
So this ideology goes
all the way back.
And it's around today if
you know where to look.
Another thing as far as
symbolism that I learned
is that it's interesting
that this stone was clearly
split down from a larger
slab of glacial rock.
I know exactly where
this rock came from.
It came from the Thompson
formation up by Duluth
in the Thompson Dam.
I mapped these rocks
when I was in college.
When I made the thin
sections and looked at them,
I saw this two-directional
foliation at 60 degrees.
I know that rock.
It's a Minnesota rock.
So whoever came here
found a large slab,
and they split it down, then
they carved the inscription,
and buried it as a land claim.
Here's something that's
interesting, though.
It's almost a perfect 2 to 1
ratio; and within the 2 to 1
ratio, what we call in
Freemasonry an oblong square.
This is the basis for all of
sacred geometry right here.
You've got two squares,
two triangles here.
And it just goes
on and on and on.
That's a piece of evidence
that I'm the first person
to point out.
And believe me,
I'm not saying this
because I think I'm special.
It's because I knew it was real.
I trust rocks.
I don't trust some people.
The rock told me it was real.
So there has to be an
explanation for everything.
And there is.
All right.
So now, I'm going to tell
you about the final piece.
And I've got to set
this up a little bit,
because I understand all the
arguments that the scholars
have made against this stone.
But they just don't
make any sense.
And the bottom line is basically
what they've been trying to do
is tell the Kensington Rune
Stone what it's supposed to be,
instead of letting the
stone tell them what it is.
And I hear these guys talking
about scientific method this.
We did the science.
And they screwed it
up from the get-go,
because they did not follow
proper scientific method.
For one reason is they're
not trained to do it.
So stop talking about it, guys.
Instead of talking, listen.
And I can help you.
I'll help you.
But they don't want to.
Now, there's one more thing.
The final piece to the stone
came when I became a Freemason.
And I don't want to
go into this too much,
but I will tell you one thing.
Up until I was in my early
50s, I had all the answers.
You guys remember
those days, right?
We all did.
But it wasn't until
I got to that point
that I realized that I
don't know everything.
And you cannot be truly
initiated and enlightened until
you take that step within
you and say, you know what?
I don't know it all.
And then you are
ready to receive,
truly ready to receive.
And that finally happened
when I was in my 50s.
So I-- and I just want
to explain briefly.
When you become a
Freemason, you go
through something called
the Blue Lodge, which
is the first three degrees.
And in the end, you are
initiated, you are raised,
and you're a brother,
and it's all good.
You are a Freemason, and
you're done, if you want to be.
However, if you would like
to seek additional light,
there are avenues
that you can pursue.
One is called the
Scottish Rite, which
builds off of the Blue Lodge.
So there's 29
additional degrees.
And when you start your
Scottish Rite journey,
you start at the fourth
degree, and then on you go.
I'm a 32nd degree.
I've done all those degrees,
and they're amazing.
There's also what we call the
York Rite branch, which again
builds off of the Blue Lodge.
And that is 10
additional degrees
for a total of how many?
>> 13.
>> Coincidence?
I think not.
And basically, the brothers--
most of the brothers, they
don't get that.
You guys already
know more than a lot
of the brothers that are
York Rite Masons now.
They don't get the
significance of 13,
because they haven't
been taught it.
Just like everybody--
every time I
ask that question about
the five-pointed star,
nobody raises their
hand, because they just
haven't been told.
They have been enlightened,
because it's been veiled.
The goddess has been
pushed into the shadows,
but she's emerging.
So anyway, we go through this.
Now, the York Rite is basically
made up of three parts--
the Royal Arch, the Cryptic
Council, and then the Chivalric
Degrees, or, at the very end
when you go through this,
you are knighted as a Templar.
And I have done that as well.
But within these middle degrees
of the Cryptic Council--
I can use this, too--
something amazing happened
in this degree right here.
It's called the Select Master.
And I can't tell
you too much, but I
have to tell you enough so
you understand what happened.
Basically, in this degree--
and most of our degrees
take place during a particular
time in biblical history.
And at this point, it was at
the time of the completion
of the first temple.
And the triangle is--
each side of this triangle
represents three people,
the three grandmasters--
King Solomon; Hiram Abiff, who
was the master architect that
oversaw construction
of the temple;
and Hiram King of
Tyre, which is Lebanon,
where all the supplies
came and the workers came
to build the temple.
And one of the things that
happens in our degrees,
which are made up of part
theatrical performance and part
lecture, is we
learn about what is
in and on the Ark
of the Covenant.
Can't tell you, but
that's what we learn.
And the other thing that
happens is, in the degree,
the three grandmasters
decide that they
were going to build a secret
vault under the sanctum
sanctorum where all of the
holy treasures are, right?
And they're going to put a
copy of all the true treasures
in this secret vault that is
nine levels below the sanctum
santorum.
And so we learn about that.
But then when the lecture
part comes at the end
with the White Hat,
the 33rd degree--
and if you even talk about
it, you won't get it.
So I'm not going
to talk about it.
And I remember he said this.
He said, and the other eight
arches were built by 22 men
from [? Gable. ?]
And I went, 8 and 22?
Those are the first two numbers
in the Kensington Rune Stone.
And I didn't hear
another thing after that.
And as soon as the
ritual was over,
I go over to my Masonic mentor.
I said, John, do you have
the ritual book for this?
He said, yeah.
I said, give me that.
And I started going through it.
And holy crap, watch this.
So 8 and 22.
Now, I can't tell
you about the ritual,
but all I can tell you is
the next thing that happens
is there are two guards.
And then there's only one guard,
because something happens.
And then there's a
person who's introduced,
one guy, who, you
know, he wasn't
supposed to go in and find
the vault, and he does.
And then in there is--
what's-- one thing you guys all
know that's in the Ark, right?
Is what?
The 10 Commandments.
10 men read from
blood and death.
Well, guess what happens at
that point in the ritual?
It doesn't go well for somebody.
Red from blood and death.
And then the second ark is
another 10 commandments, right?
And then 14-- the number 14 is
the number of resurrection, OK?
There are-- Osiris's body
was cut up into 14 pieces,
if you read the Isis of
Cyrus mysteries, right?
And then she finds 13
pieces, Isis, right?
And then the 14th piece is the
phallic that she doesn't find,
so she crafts one either
out of gold or beeswax.
She impregnated herself.
Horus is born, and then the
whole cycle starts over again.
And all this story is
is an allegorical story
about the annual cycle of
life on the planet, right?
Birth in the spring,
death in the fall,
resurrection on my
birthday, December 21.
That's freaky.
Anyway, so you get
the point, right?
By the way, do you know how
many stations of the cross
there are in the
Roman Catholic church?
>> 14.
>> 14, 14.
Resurrection, right?
And all I can tell you is we
have it in Freemasonry, too,
but I can't tell you about it.
Anyway, I didn't tell you.
So in the ritual
book, at one point,
it says there hours of labor
were from 9:00 at night
until 12:00, when all prying
eyes are closed and asleep.
Well, 9 plus what is 12?
3, right?
Is it a coincidence there are
nine lines of text on the front
and three on the side?
So then because of the
hooked X and its likeness
to the Hebrew aleph, which is
the first letter in the Hebrew
alphabet-- and one of the things
in Scottish Rite Mason we are
exposed to is the
Kabbalah, which
I find eminently fascinating.
And I dug into it.
And I found this.
So in the Tree of Life-- you
guys know what the Tree of Life
is, right?
There are 10 spheres--
pay attention to the numbers--
that create 22 paths.
There are three columns.
And there's stuff
up on the Rune Stone
I have not told you about.
The number three is significant.
The three-- three is
all through Freemasonry.
It's very important.
The Trinity, oh yeah,
we talked about that--
for a total of 32
emanations of deity.
However, there is a
hidden 11th sphere
that creates the hidden 33rd
if you reach that level, right?
I find this interesting.
On the Rune Stone,
the first two numbers
are eight plus 22 is what?
What number?
>> 30
>> 30.
Plus two shelters one
day's journey north.
Another coincidence?
This is too many.
Sorry, this is
not a coincidence.
So what it tells you is
that this monk was initiated
that carved the stone.
No question about it.
In the Enochian
mysteries, he understood
that, and the secret
vault, and the nine arches,
which runs all
through the Templars
and the mystery over here.
Just know that.
So what does this all mean?
And why are we here?
Why are you all here
at this conference?
We're all trying to figure out
those big questions in life,
right?
We're trying to find, you
know, what happens after I die.
Is there a God?
I mean, why-- why am I here?
All these things.
At the end of the day,
what is the result?
The net result is it's
all about you, right?
It all comes back to you.
And two words--
know thyself, right?
That's at the end.
That's what Freemasonry
is all about.
So I thought about that, and
I started doing some research.
And you might know
this, you might not.
Do you know how many vertebrae
we have in our bodies?
Most people do, not everybody.
32.
Well, if we're talking about
the Kabbalah and this being part
of the origin of that,
then there's a 33rd, right?
What's that?
It's your head.
So let me ask you this.
Do you know how many bones
are in the human skull?
You're going to like this.
There are eight here
in your cranium,
and 14 in your face
for a total of what?
22.
I think we know where this
all started, right here.
It's cool.
OK.
So now, I'm enlightened.
I'm digging all
this stuff, right?
So now, I'm going to tell you
a story about a secret document
that we are now just
introducing to the world,
now that you have
a little background
to appreciate this even better.
This document basically was--
came forward through
these two guys.
But anyway, Don is
a really cool guy.
And all I can tell you is he
and this guy, Bill Jackson--
Bill is the one that bought
the document back in 1971.
These two guys were
best friends who
worked for an agency that
basically does things
with our government that
we never hear about.
And it is so James
Bond-like stuff.
I'm reading about
their missions,
and I'm trying to talk to Don.
Bill died in 2000.
And these are the only two
known photos that I could find.
This came from a video, and
he doesn't have a mustache,
so that's a disguise.
I'm telling you,
the stuff these guys
did, you wouldn't even believe.
And it has to do with taking
care of business, like I said,
that we don't hear about.
But-- and because of the
world that they dwelled in,
that's part of the
reason he got access
and was able to
buy this document.
I'll just leave it at that.
So this story's crazy.
They were doing espionage.
They were spies.
They were breaking
up pedophile rings.
And they would just go
eliminate these people.
That's what they did.
And they would deal with
really crazy stuff, and really
bad stuff.
But they would take care of it.
These are-- these guys
are unsung heroes,
in my mind, that take care of
bad people that we don't even
know are there, and we don't
even know they're gone.
And they take care of
it, and they never--
nobody knows what they've done.
They do this, they get paid,
and they don't get any credit,
and they don't want credit.
And I want to give him credit,
and he says don't do it.
So I can't do it, but
that's what they do.
But the prior sign,
well, it's always there.
Anyway, so in 1968, these
guys are young guys.
And so they just--
they live in New York,
and they go up to
the Hudson River
to a place called Bannerman
Island, where there's a castle.
And now, it's like
a park, and you
can go there and tour
the ruins of this castle.
Anyway, so what
they did was they
would go diving in the
water off Bannerman Island.
And the reason is there was
an explosion on the island.
Francis Bannerman dealt
in munitions and weapons.
And he started--
well, the father
started selling during the
Civil War to both sides.
He didn't care, he
was a businessman.
You want the stuff?
Pay me the money.
Then his son actually got
in trouble selling weapons
to different countries
in the First World War,
and he died 1916, and the
castle fell into ruins.
And at one point,
there was an explosion.
And all these munitions
ended up in the water.
Well, these guys were
scuba diving for the stuff,
picking it up, and then
they were selling it back
in the pawn shops in New York.
Anyway, so they're doing
their thing one day.
And Don said, along the
shore, I spotted this box that
had a ball on top.
And he grabbed two
of these things.
This is a reproduction of it.
He gave it to Bill, because
Bill's wife, Muriel,
was a gardener.
And he thought maybe she
could use this thing.
Well, Bill's young
son, Mark, was walking
with one of these bulbs--
these square things
about a year later.
And he tripped and fell, and
he dropped it, and it broke.
And they found some
things inside of it.
One of the things they found
was this brass seal right here,
which is opened.
And it was filled with little
metal inserts and carvings
and Theban characters.
Theban characters is
the coded language
that goes back to
the 12th century
that the Templars used to use
to encode certain documents
that people couldn't read.
And this thing's
covered with it.
And this started a journey of
these guys trying to figure out
what the heck is going on.
Eventually, Bill
Jackson-- and it's
a complicated story, had to
do with World War II buddies.
And one of the guys who worked
for the French resistance
during the Second World
War, after the war,
he became a rare book dealer.
Bill Jackson went over there.
He bought a book that
had a reference to one
of the words that was on one of
the metal inserts in that seal.
And the reference was
something called--
we now call the
Cremona Document.
That's not what it was called.
So he went to Rome, and he met
with a family, the Benvenuto
family, and he bought this
document in early 1971.
And there were
actually two copies.
The Benvenuto family sold the
other one to the Scottish Rite
Grand Lodge, or the
Grand Lodge of Scotland.
They could not decipher--
it's all in Theban.
These are Theban
characters right here.
Here's the Theban alphabet.
It's a 1 to 1 substitution,
but the problem
is, if you don't
have the key phrase,
the cipher code to see where
you put things in order,
you can't decipher it.
But it is a 1 to 1
letter substitution.
And there's a long story behind
this page, which we have,
the original page.
Now, remember, this is
a 12th century story
I'm about to tell you, but this
is not a 12th century document.
This is a copy of a copy
of a copy, probably.
We don't know how
many generations.
We do know that this was
copied after 1856, because some
of the treasure
maps were written
on the back of illustration
pages in the books,
because, on the back of
illustration pages in 1800
era books are blank, right?
On the backside.
But these-- we have the
images, and we figured out
which book it was.
So this is probably
1860s, but we're talking
about 12th century information.
Everybody clear on that?
It's important to
understand that.
So the second copy donated.
They couldn't figure it
out, so they sold it.
Ah.
Anyway, Bill took-- spent
two years translating this.
And the first part of
the document is written--
it's in Theban and coded from
three different languages.
And then once you do the cipher
phrase, you can figure it out.
It's like two layers
of embedded codes
to protect people from
knowing what this stuff is.
And you'll understand
why shortly.
Barry Fell-- have any of
you heard of Barry Fell?
He's probably one of
the most-- he's probably
the most famous person in the
history of alternative history.
He wrote a book in
1976 called America BC.
And he was the first
academic to come out and say
there were a lot of people
coming here before Chris.
And it was very brave.
He received a lot of criticism,
but it was really a big step.
He was approached by Bill
Jackson, and he read this--
once the document
was deciphered,
he was so excited
about it he wanted
to publish it in this book.
And he wouldn't give
it back to Bill.
Not a good idea.
Bill got it back.
That's another story.
Anyway, the first
part of the document--
and then-- so here's
what happened.
So Bill got-- eventually,
he was a doctor,
and he had diagnosed himself
with arterial sclerosis.
He knew he was dying.
So he wrote a 13 page
narrative, 13 pages.
And it's amazing.
That's all I'll tell you.
But anyway, so let's
just get back-- go back.
This is the title page.
And this in Latin.
The truth will set you free.
Here is the table of
subjects, all in Theban.
And you'll find this
quite interesting.
These are the first two
pages as table of subjects.
The first document that's
referenced in here,
the Gospel of Mary Magdalene.
You know that one that didn't
make it in, or one of the ones
that did make it in?
And that's right here.
The next three are the gospels
of Matthew, Mark, and John.
The next thing here it talks
about is the voyage of 1178
Master de Sudeley.
Just hold that thought.
And then these two things--
oh, by the way, right there,
hooked X's, my hooked X.
And what have I been
saying for all these years?
It's connected to the Templars,
and then this shows up.
Is somebody punking me or what?
No, it's real.
And that proves that we are
right about what this is.
Anyway, these two documents--
the Black Chant Enchantment--
I don't know what that is.
And I don't want that
is either, the Picture
of the Objects in the Tunnel.
Sounds good though, doesn't it?
Now, remember, this document
is a compilation of documents.
It's not just one
continuous thing.
And you'll see what I
mean by that in a sec.
All right.
So what happens in the first
part is there are six nights.
We're in Jerusalem.
It's not dated, but
we know it's somewhere
between 1110 and 1118.
Jerusalem has been captured.
The Templars are controlling
the Temple Mount.
And these guys go in
under the south wall.
They didn't go under
the Dome of the Rock,
which everybody thinks.
And they find their way down
to a secret chamber, a ritual
chamber, which I
can't tell you about.
I don't have time.
That's where they
found the treasure.
This narrative tells us
exactly what the treasure
was the Templars found.
This is what everybody's
been wondering, right?
You're going to know right now.
So at the four corners of
a squared floor defined
by a marble stone set in a
form forming an oblong square--
2 to 1 ratio, right?
The secret to sacred geometry--
rests four limestone boxes.
They're called bone boxes.
And every first century Hebrew
buried the bones of their dead
in them.
And there are loculi behind each
one, but no bodies are within.
So you guys understand what
the ossuary culture was, right?
In the first century, this
Essenes, Jesus and his people,
had a very unique
burial practice.
And basically,
what they would do
is they had underground tombs
that were made up of two rooms.
The first tomb-- or first
room was open to the south,
to the world.
It was open, right?
And you can walk right
in, and it was flat.
And this is where they
would perform rituals.
And only the family
could process
the body of the deceased.
So they would bring the body
in, they would prepare it,
they would wash it, annoint
it with perfumes and oils,
then wrap it in a shroud.
Then they would bring it
through a small doorway
into the second room, which
was the burial chamber that
had tunnels, loculi, going off
the main body of the chamber.
And then but above
that, there were benches
that were cut into the rock.
And they would place
the body there.
And they would leave it
for one to two years,
until it decomposed.
Then they would
collect the bones
and put them inside these
bone boxes called ossuaries.
And these ossuaries
are only big enough so
that the two largest bones
in the body, the femurs,
fit in crossed.
The skull goes in last.
And now, you know the origin
of the skull and crossbones.
And it's associated--
1600, 17-- with the
Templars, right?
Hm, weird.
Now, you know why.
This is the loculi.
This is where the
bodies are placed.
And that's where you would
be interred in the family
tomb in perpetuity.
OK.
So Hugh de Payens,
because they're
referencing Hugh, co-founder
and grand master of the Knights
Templar, circa 1120 notes it
is strange in one of the boxes
that the head is not
separated on the spine,
but cleanly severed.
On the spine, cleanly severed.
This man died when his head was
cut off with a very sharp ax.
The bones show
little splintering
where the axe slid over them.
There is a name.
I read a little Ivri text.
It is to me that falls out
the making of what is written.
It is Yon.
Remember, there's no
J back then, right?
Probably John the Baptist.
Definitely John the Baptist.
I will tell you another secret.
In Freemasonry,
all of our lodges
are dedicated to
the Holy St. John.
Jesus is never mentioned.
And I always wondered why.
I think we're going
to find out why.
Bernard bags the bones.
They took him, the
initiator, the initiated.
So here's the next box.
In the box to the left
are 12 long clay tubes
with writings in one that
we break the wax seal on.
It is all in Hebrew
text, Ivri text.
And I see that it
is the book of God,
but in Scriptuo
continua-- in other words,
there's no spaces between
words or sentences.
There's no punctuation.
It's just one big,
long narrative.
And you have to know
how to read it--
making it most
difficult to read.
There are others in
the strange script.
We take all of them.
In the third box, ossuary.
Below them and stacked
in a pyramid shape
are small, elongated
blocks of gold,
each stamped with the seal
that Beaumont recognizes
as the Ivri King Solomon.
This is a treasure beyond
our wildest dreams.
This will help with
the money-moving plans.
Establishing the sanctuary,
the new Jerusalem
was already in place back
then in the 12th century.
If there's one thing that you
need to learn about these Venus
families, as we call them,
because all these guys
are part of it.
Bernard was part of it.
The Templars were just one
blip on this long continuum.
The Venus families are
patient, they are smart,
and they are still with us.
The last box is now opened
quickly, expecting more gold.
But below the sheep hides--
they recovered in sheep hides--
we find none.
Instead, there are five devices
of metal and of a curious type.
And in my new book, these
are all described in detail.
And it's to such
a level of detail
that Bill Jackson and Don and
the guys in the Spartan group,
they actually made these
instruments, and they worked.
Two of them were for building,
two were navigation devices--
one tracking the movement of
Venus, because their movements
are so accurate-- and
the fifth was a cryptex
for deciphering script.
So that's the treasure.
So the next part of the document
has to do with the scrolls,
because, in those
scroll, it talked
about other first century
scrolls that were brought over
here to the land of Onteora--
that's what they
called North America--
to hide those scrolls
in the first century.
And then six decades
later, a Templar group
was established, led
by Sir Ralph de Sudeley
to come over here to get those
scrolls at a place called
the Temple of the Goddess.
Why'd I do that?
It was a three-year voyage
that began in Wales.
We know right where
de Sudeley's from.
He's a real historical figure.
Six ships and 140 men and women.
The first thing
they had to do was
go to Denmark to see
the King of Denmark,
who was a Templar knight.
And they needed
somebody in his court
to lead them back to Onteora.
It was a woman named Altomara.
Now, how the heck
is this woman going
to know where to go
over in North America?
Because she was indigenous
and had been brought over.
But the king made one of
the Knights marry her.
So Leon the Spaniard
married her.
And I think they
were really in love,
because, as you read the
story, it's just unbelievable,
but it's really cool.
Week 20 and 6, they dropped off.
26 is what?
2 times 13.
One of the things
that you look for when
you're reading these documents
and you're trying to vet them
is look at the numbers.
They always use
these sacred numbers.
Why?
Because they're calling
a deity to protect them,
the great goddess
to protect them,
to help us with this mission.
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> Absolutely, absolutely.
Altomara led them to the
Temple of the Goddess
in the land called
Onteora, which we now
call the Catskill Mountains, and
specifically Hunter Mountain.
After they completed
their mission,
they wintered over on
one of the islands, which
is now northern Long Island.
They built a ship,
and they sailed home.
And de Sudeley went
to Seborga, Italy,
and he sat down with the then
Grand Master, Grandmaster Odon,
and he gave his deposition.
And the Cistercian
monks recorded it,
and that is this story.
Now, these are the names
of the six Templar Knights.
And I have one highlighted.
Remember that name,
Lionel de Walderne.
So Bill Jackson, first
thing he did was he
called his friend Don.
Now, Don was always available.
And I'll just tell
you a quick story.
Don's fiancee was killed
in one of their missions.
She was shot in the head,
and she was pregnant.
And that was in the early '60s.
And he was so traumatized by
that he never had another--
he never was engaged and
never got married, never
had any children.
He's 77 right now.
And for a guy that did certain
things that I know about,
he's the softest guy now.
It's amazing.
It's like, Don,
that can't be you.
He sends me like
presents all the time.
He built me a box to
deliver some pages,
you know, from the document.
He built this box with my name.
It's just amazing.
Anyway, so Don was
always available.
So Jackson would say, hey, I
want to go up to Newfoundland,
where one of the ships was
lost of de Sudeley's journey.
They lost one, hit rocks, they
had to offload everything,
and they scuttled it.
They didn't want anyone
knowing they were there.
They go up in 1971,
and they found it.
Guess what we're going to do?
We're planning to go up there.
So that convinced Jackson
the story was true.
So then the next
part took six years
in the Catskill
Mountains, slowly looking
for the Tomb of Altomara.
And I don't want
to spoil the story,
I want you to get the
book and read the story,
because it'll make you cry.
But eventually,
there was a battle
between some of the warring
tribes and the people
of the mountain, of the
temple of the gods, which
was run by women.
And Altomara was killed.
They burned her body, they
put it in a rectangular box,
and they buried it inside
of a small cave right here.
And I've got more
pictures, but I
don't show them, because I don't
want people to go up there.
But that's what they
were looking for,
was that Tomb of Altomara.
And on October 11 of
1977, they found it.
And inside were offerings,
really cool things
that were left, including
this right here, which
is an 11 carat rough diamond,
uncut, that was inside
this little urn here that
was inside that box, which
was inside that box.
There's a whole bunch of
stuff you can read about.
But then what they did
is they resealed it,
they put her back in the
tomb, and then they left.
And then the story was over.
And Don still didn't
know what was going on.
He was there on the mountain
when they found this.
Anyway, so Jackson
decided that he
was going to write a book
about this in the '70s.
But what happened is he
had such a bad experience
with the academics,
including, sadly, Barry Fell.
He became disillusioned.
And he said, screw it.
I'm going to write
a novel about this.
So he started writing the novel.
And he came up with
a bunch of stuff.
And some of that stuff is
now on the Oak Island Show,
and it's fiction, and
it's a long story.
I'm not going to get into
it, but what happened
is Bill diagnosised--
he was diagnosed
with arterial sclerosis
when he was into this book,
and then he just gave up.
And then he sold the
document to the Vatican.
Do you guys remember the
movie the da Vinci Code?
You might want to write
this down and Google
this guy, the name
Paul Marcinkus,
Archbishop Paul Marcinkus.
You remember the monk, Silas,
the bad guy in the movie?
That character was modeled
after Paul Marcinkus.
He was a bad guy.
He was the only guy that had
a key to the pope's chamber,
sleeping chamber.
Remember Pope John Paul I who
died after 33 days in 1978?
Marcinkus is the
one that killed him.
This is the guy that Jackson
sold the document to in 1994,
and he got a lot of money for
it, which tells you something,
doesn't it?
If the Vatican thought
it was important,
it must be important.
Remember, all these years that
I've been working with Don--
I met him in 2006.
I've been vetting this, and
only now on my publishing
it, because I'm confident
this is all real.
So Don called me in 2009.
He said, Scott,
I need some help.
I go, what?
He said, I want to go
up on the mountain.
I need some fresh legs.
I'm like, cool.
So I got my son, Grant;
my friend, David Brody;
and my other friend, Steve St.
Clair, of that family, yes.
And we went up on the mountain.
And he had this goofy map right
here, which looks like what?
A compass and square.
So we go up on the mountain.
I'm like, what are
we doing up here?
Well, I think--
I think these places are
marked on the mountain.
So this is a little stream.
And this is something
called Table Rock.
That's Table Rock right there.
And these are pictures
of different things
from when they were up on
the mountain in the '70s.
And so one of the things that's
talked about in the Cremona
Document is a large
stone in a ravine, right?
In the ravine where
we are on Hunter.
It had a particular shape,
reminded me of a grave.
And this is that stone.
That's my son, Grant.
So that's how they
knew where they were
when they found that stone.
So as we were going
up the mountain,
we found this, a delta carving.
The delta's is a
symbol of deity.
That's a pretty good start.
And that is--
remember the square?
It's at the bottom, where
the two arms go like this.
That's that point.
Then we go a little
farther, and we
find a Theban B that's
carved on the block, which
is the left arm of the square.
And then we find
the goose that's
talked about in the
Cremona Document, which
is the right arm of the square.
And on Table Rock,
you're looking down,
you can see everything.
It's steep, and it's dangerous.
That's why he wanted
to go with him.
Anyway, he was pretty
excited when we found that.
I'll never forget that.
I go, Don, smile.
So what do we do now?
He said there's
something up here.
I said, OK, well--
so what I did is I
laid out the map,
and I calculated the relative
distance between the Theban
B and the delta.
And where that's compass
arm came across, figured out
the distance between the two,
we measured it with a tape.
And then where that spot was,
where that arm intersected,
I put a flag in the ground.
And then what happened is
Steve, and my son, Grant, and I,
we took off up the mountain
to go look for the sand cave,
where there were
artifacts that they found.
And David and Don stayed behind.
And we were gone
for three hours.
And when we came back, we knew
that they had been digging.
And we said, did
you find anything?
Or did you have the
same look we did?
And they said, yep.
They found this,
an inscribed stone.
Now, I'll start here
on the backside.
You know what this symbol is?
You ever heard of
the goddess Tanit?
Tanit?
The Phoenician goddess Tanit?
With a triangle, and a
circle, and her arms are up,
sometimes like this?
That's what that is, I think.
But isn't it interesting
there's a dot in the belly?
What does that mean?
>> Pregnant.
>> Maybe.
Pregnant maybe, huh?
See this five-pedaled rose?
And notice how this thing
is carved in straight lines,
and this is pecked?
This is the symbol for the
house of Magdel, the Magdalen.
It's the wilted rose.
And on the other side,
we have Roman numbers
and a Latin phrase called in
camera, which lawyers still
use to this day when they
meet with the judge privately,
the two lawyers.
It's called in camera, in
chamber, in tomb, in secret.
I remember I looked at that.
I go, camera?
What are they talking
about a camera for?
But we figured it out.
But what does this look like?
A latitude and a
longitude, right?
Well, what do you think we
did as soon as we got off
the mountain?
[GIBBERISH] Google
Earth, boom, ch,
boom, right in the middle
of the woods up in Canada,
in the middle of nowhere.
And then it dawned
on us, wait a minute,
the Prime Meridian wasn't
Greenwich, England back then,
it was Paris, France.
That was the headquarters
of the Templars.
So we recalculated, hit
it again, boom, bingo.
Montreal, Canada.
Why there?
OK.
So now, serious, OK?
What I'm about to talk about
is offensive to some peoples'
belief systems.
I just want you guys to know
that's not what I'm here to do.
I don't mean any
offense to anybody, OK?
So from here on, if
anybody gets offended,
it's your own fault, OK?
Are we good?
OK.
Anybody not good?
You can-- here we go.
So I'm going to teach you guys
something about symbolism,
colors.
If you look at Renaissance
art especially,
if you know the colors and the
symbols, the signs, symbols,
and tokens, you can have a
lot more fun with that art,
because almost all of these
artists were initiated.
And they are hiding secrets
within their artwork.
So one of the things
you need to know
is the symbol of Mary Magdalene.
The colors are orange and green,
green for her Celtic roots
and ideology, and orange
for the region in France
that she disappeared to,
lived out her life, and died.
So that's a beautiful
painting, isn't it?
Now, this is in Montreal.
This is Notre Dame
Basilica in Montreal.
So of course, the next
thing we did was we
took a trip to Montreal.
And in the basilica, this is one
of the stations of the cross,
right?
That's Mary
Magdalene, obviously.
Orange and green, right?
And then when we
walked in, there
was this painting right here.
It was 14 feet tall.
It was huge.
And of course, we
see the colors.
We see this child here.
Now, I see a girl.
What do you guys see?
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> That's what I see.
I don't know if it's--
I mean, I don't know
what the answer is,
but that's what I see.
The maple leaf for Canada,
the crown, the lily,
all the symbolism is there.
But there was something else
really cool about this church,
and there were statues of
goddesses and stained glass.
There were women everywhere,
Native American women, too.
But here's the pulpit.
It was beautiful, right?
And at the very top, you have
something-- the triangles,
deity, right?
With Hebrew letters, and it's
called the tetragrammaton.
Now, when I was in Sweden--
remember I told you
I went there five times when
I was doing my research?
I went to the Church of
Mary Magdalene in Stockholm.
And they had the tetragrammaton
right here with the glory rays.
I mean, this is a symbol of God.
And these four Hebrew
letters are [HEBREW]..
And it's the immutable
name of creator.
But in Montreal, that triangle
has different letters.
Check this out.
This is the only place
I have ever seen this.
And that stone told
us to go there.
There aren't four
letters, there are three.
[LATIN] And you know what
that spells in Latin?
>> Eve.
>> Just saying, there it is.
That's crazy cool.
So something going
on up there that
has to do with the goddess.
Let's get back to
the Cremona Document.
One of the-- now,
I'll just tell you.
This is so cool.
And you can read it in the book.
But you know how de Sudeley got
the right to get the documents?
He had to go through a three
day ritual, spent three nights
in three small caves.
They're still up there.
I've been in them.
And on the third night, the
priestess of the mountain
offered herself to de Sudeley.
And he said, I'm sorry,
but I have taken vows.
I can't.
And she looked at him.
And she said, you pass,
you can have the scrolls.
But you can't have them all.
So he brought them back, right?
And this is a list
of what he got,
because each one of those tubes
had multiple scrolls in them.
He got a lot.
But I want to point something
out to you right here.
I know that's hard to
read, but we've tried.
This is all in
French, but this has
been translated into English.
And this is what it says.
Number 14, 14, a contract of
marriage with Yeshua ben Yosef
and Mary Amah a
Hesmonium at Canae.
This is the marriage document of
Jesus and Mary Magdalene hidden
over in Onteora.
Well, now, you know why they
had to get it out of dodge.
If the Romans got
this, it's gone.
This is what it says
in the document.
We have returned
with the nine tubes,
many having several scrolls.
But the marriage
document, Master Odon,
Grandmaster Odon says is
valued beyond measure.
That's pretty cool.
So when I became a
Mason, somehow this guy--
and I can't tell you who he
is, because he doesn't want
to be identified,
but he used to work
in our military for the Navy.
You know what his job was?
It was to go around the
world and pick up out
of place objects, including
space ships, and bodies,
and stuff.
And they would take it to
facilities in the United States
never to be seen again.
For 10 years, he
signed a nondisclosure.
He is now past that, and he
is sharing stuff with me,
but I can't share his identity.
And this is something
he shared with me.
This is a letter that
came from a Mason, who
was a monsignor at the
Vatican at the time.
And it says, first,
let me say that it
is true the Catholicus
Mysticus is,
in fact, in our Vatican
archives in storage.
It is true that the
papyrus in question
was delivered to the Christian
authorities in 220 AD,
and that it details the reported
event of one, Mary of Magdala
had secretly wed
our Lord and Savior.
Two, she had his child, a girl.
Her name is Sarah.
And three, to avoid possible
persecution of that child,
she traveled with
trusted friends
to what later became known
as Europe, reportedly France.
The papyrus was
delivered by members
of the Church of Agalactiae.
I will neither state that
the papyrus is true or false,
and I can assure you that
the Holy Roman Catholic
church will never allow the
document to be seen in public.
OK.
Now, here's the thing that
might be offensive, OK?
You guys have heard of
Leonardo da Vinci, right?
Do you know in 1483
he was commissioned
to do a painting by the Church
of the Immaculate Conception.
And he did that, and
this is that painting.
And the church looked at it
and basically said, screw you,
do it again.
What did they find so offensive?
You guys tell me.
What do you see?
Well, you know you're
supposed to see?
This is mother Mary, and this
is Jesus and John the Baptist
as children, right?
Well, who is this?
Well, obviously, now you know
where to look for, right?
Well, if that's Mary
Magdalene, how can that
be Jesus and John the Baptist?
It can't.
Well, then who are they?
This is her child with Jesus.
This is her child with John the
Baptist, who was killed, right?
So what happened?
She had to keep
everything together,
so she was obligated
to marry Jesus.
And remember, back in those
days, to be a rabbi, first
and foremost, you were
required to be married,
and you were required to
have a son for secession.
So that's pretty crazy, right?
That's what happened.
You thought the "Da
Vinci Code" was good?
It just got better.
So you want to see
the second version?
Oh, by the way, there's
one more thing--
>> Who's that guy?
>> Which guy?
That's John the Baptist's
child right there.
His name was Jesus,
and this is Judah.
In any case, notice how her
hand is going like this?
Pointing to who?
>> John the Baptist.
Go like this, make that.
Point your finger like that, OK?
Tighten your three fingers.
Now, rotate it 90 degrees.
What do you see?
A compass and square.
The initiated one right here.
That's cool, huh?
Can't have that.
So he had to do it again.
Two years later,
he submitted this.
And clearly, things
are different, right?
Can't have her in there,
so we take away the colors,
put wings on her, so
it's an arch angel.
And now that she's out, and
put halos on them, right?
Jesus, John the Baptist
with a little cross.
This is now hanging
in the Church
of the Immaculate Conception.
This is hanging in
the Louvre in Paris.
I've seen this one.
I don't really care about
that one, personally.
But in any case, OK, so
now, story's over, right?
No, the mystery
that was still left
is, what the hell did we
find on Hunter Mountain?
What is this stone?
What is going on in Montreal?
Well, Bill died in 2000.
And then his daughter
moved to Ireland,
which is where their
family was originally from.
And three years ago,
she moved to Scotland
to be with her brother
Mark, the one that
dropped this and
started the whole thing.
And as she was going
through her stuff,
she found some things
from her father.
And one of them was
this unopened letter
with a wax seal written to
Master Robert Chevrolet de la
Salle, the explorer that
came over here, went
to Montreal in the 1650s,
and went down the Ohio
and discovered the southern
half of the Mississippi River.
He didn't discover anything.
So we got this.
Don got this from Melissa,
and he sent me this email.
And I'm like, Don, see if
she'll sell the letter.
Let's buy it.
We've got to have that.
Well, by the time the
correspondence got back,
they had already sold
it, but she was smart.
She knew we would want it.
So the deal-- they sold
it for five figures.
I don't know what
the amount was,
but it was the least $10,000.
But what she did with
the deal was she said,
you have to allow us to take
pictures to send to my father's
friend, best friend, Don.
So they did that.
So this is de la Salle.
And when you open the
letter, they broke the seal.
It's dated May 8--
May 8, 1656.
So for what?
350 years, that
thing was sealed.
And right here in French,
it says, after reading,
set this message to flame.
Then it says here,
this is our last day
on the Temple of the Goddess
on the mountain of Manitou.
Flatlanders, highlanders,
approach daily.
And the people are much afraid.
I have set a message in stone--
that's our stone-- and one in
the Cave of Priestess Altomara.
Remember the map-- the
compass and square map?
They got that in the
cave, Altomara's tomb.
That's where that came from.
I'm like, ah, he never told me.
I go-- I go be with
the people of my mother
to the south by water, have
gotten a missive from father
Euler at St. Sulpice
church, which
is where a lot of the scenes
in the "Da Vinci Code"
were filmed.
I go to the place of the
Sulpicians to the north.
Father Olier sent a
bunch of Sulpician monks
to Montreal to found the first
Sulpician seminary in Montreal.
That's where they sent the
scrolls, beyond the Great North
River, the St. Lawrence River.
All of the faithful
also go north.
And then he talks
about all the documents
that de Sudeley did not get.
And it's signed by a guy named
Lionel de Walderne, the 21st.
Remember that name I
told you to remember?
21 generations
later, he goes back.
That's how they kept this
alive that long, 500 years.
That's Olier.
Oh, when they opened
the letter, there
was one more thing, this
piece of paper right
here with all of this
Masonic symbolism.
I know what all that stuff is.
Celestial, terrestrial
globes, the two pillars,
Jachin and Boaz, all this stuff.
There's your seal of
Solomon, deity in the middle.
All of these things
are signs of deity.
But there's something
cool on the back.
Let there be light,
and there was light.
All truth prevail.
LdW, Lionel de
Walderne, the 21st.
But look at that second X.
It's a hooked X. So here's
the last question.
Where are those scrolls now?
Stay tuned.
There's more coming.
Thank you.
[APPLAUSE]
[MUSIC PLAYING]